C-file                          bash-script                       matrix                output        zeta      probe                   status
-------------------------       ---------------------------       ------                ------        ----      -----                   ------
>> comparing block-probing and pattern-sampling for diag_zeta
mpf_application_00_uncov.c      mpf_application_00_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     diag          1         block-probing           done
mpf_application_01_uncov.c      mpf_application_01_uncov.sh       uncov_256_256_3_5     diag          1         block-probing           done
mpf_application_02_uncov.c      mpf_application_02_uncov.sh       uncov_512_512_3_5     diag          1         block-probing           done

mpf_application_03_uncov.c      mpf_application_03_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     diag          1         pattern-sampling        done
mpf_application_04_uncov.c      mpf_application_04_uncov.sh       uncov_256_256_3_5     diag          1         pattern-sampling        done
mpf_application_05_uncov.c      mpf_application_05_uncov.sh       uncov_512_512_3_5     diag          1         pattern-sampling        done

mpf_application_06_uncov.c      mpf_application_06_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     diag          2         block-probing           done
mpf_application_07_uncov.c      mpf_application_07_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     diag          4         block-probing           done
mpf_application_08_uncov.c      mpf_application_08_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     diag          8         block-probing           done

mpf_application_09_uncov.c      mpf_application_09_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     diag          2         pattern-sampling        done
mpf_application_10_uncov.c      mpf_application_10_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     diag          4         pattern-sampling        done
mpf_application_11_uncov.c      mpf_application_11_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     diag          8         pattern-sampling        done


>> comparing block-probing and pattern-sampling for spai_zeta
mpf_application_12_uncov.c      mpf_application_12_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     spai          1         block-probing           done
mpf_application_13_uncov.c      mpf_application_13_uncov.sh       uncov_256_256_3_5     spai          1         block-probing (venetis running as well)
mpf_application_14_uncov.c      mpf_application_14_uncov.sh       uncov_512_512_3_5     spai          1         block-probing
                  
mpf_application_15_uncov.c      mpf_application_15_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     spai          1         pattern-sampling
mpf_application_16_uncov.c      mpf_application_16_uncov.sh       uncov_256_256_3_5     spai          1         pattern-sampling
mpf_application_17_uncov.c      mpf_application_17_uncov.sh       uncov_512_512_3_5     spai          1         pattern-sampling
                  
mpf_application_18_uncov.c      mpf_application_18_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     spai          2         block-probing
mpf_application_19_uncov.c      mpf_application_19_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     spai          4         block-probing
mpf_application_20_uncov.c      mpf_application_20_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     spai          8         block-probing
                  
mpf_application_21_uncov.c      mpf_application_21_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     spai          2         pattern-sampling
mpf_application_22_uncov.c      mpf_application_22_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     spai          4         pattern-sampling
mpf_application_23_uncov.c      mpf_application_23_uncov.sh       uncov_128_128_3_5     spai          8         pattern-sampling


